# Mapping-Cyber-Attacks-with-Azure-Sentinel

The ever-increasing amount of major security incidents has led to an emerging interest in cooperative approaches to encounter cyber threats. The protection of corporate IT infrastructures against cyber attacks is becoming a more and more demanding task.<br>`
In order to achieve a high level of cyber security awareness most mid to large sized companies use Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) embedded into a Security Operations Center. These systems enable the centralized collection and analysis of security relevant information generated by a variety of different systems, to detect advanced threats and to improve reaction time in case of an incident.
Security information and event management systems are the industry-specific word in Computer Security talking for the type of info that an average of log documents or celebration logs out of multiple sources into a centralized repository for further analysis. Occasion logs are produced by numerous internet sites, apparatus, programs and computer software Updates.
Currently, SIEM systems and related solutions are slowly converging with big data analytics tools.
In this project, we aim to explore the capabilities of Azure Sentinel in mapping cyber-attacks. We will begin by setting up Azure Sentinel and integrating it with various data sources, such as logs and alerts from Microsoft Defender for Endpoint, Office 365, and Azure Active Directory. Our project is an overview about the security information event management system and how it can be used to locate cyber-attacks from different parts of the world. The aim of our project is to monitor and log cyber-attacks from different IP addresses, use that data and display the location of the source of the attack and the magnitude of the attack. By mapping cyber-attacks in this way, we can gain valuable insights into the security of our systems and improve our ability to detect and respond to future attacks. This can be achieved using azure sentinel which is a cloud-based SIEM as well as a virtual machine in the cloud, we're going to make it super vulnerable to the internet and then essentially, we're going to monitor and log the cyber-attacks from different IP addresses from different places all over the world.
Overall, this project will demonstrate the power and versatility of Azure Sentinel in helping organizations to defend against cyber attacks. By leveraging the advanced analytics and machine learning capabilities of Azure Sentinel, we can detect and respond to threats more quickly and effectively, reducing the risk of data loss, system downtime, and reputational damage.
